Hey, what's up everyone? I'm here with Fen Aldrich, who is the Developer Advocate here at Equinix. Also, Robert Reeves, who is the VP of Strategic Partnerships at the Linux Foundation, and Steve Martinelli, who is the Director of Developer Advocacy and Community. So, welcome all. Thanks. Yeah. Thank you. How's it going? Yeah. So, you were all at KubeCon. I was not there, but tell me about it. So, I'll start with you, Steve. What was your feedback from it? What was the big theme? Were there any cool events or, you know, fireside chats that you saw? Ah, geez. Well, fireside chats. Yeah. I mean, we saw some really cool ones because we did them in our booth. Yeah. So, I guess, like, I'll say, just from an Equinix point of view, we tried to change things up a little bit this year. So, we did, I think, in total 19 fireside chats at our booth that were filmed, and we're slowly uploading them onto YouTube, as you can see there. Um, thank you to everyone who participated in that. That was really, really kind of you all to, you know, loan your time to us there and be filmed at our booth. So, thank you for everyone who participated. Yeah, for sure. Right from that one, um, what else did we do different this time, Fenn? Uh, we, oh, um, sorry. I just remembered what we did. Uh, we had, uh, Robert over here from the Linux Foundation talking to Josh Atwell on the Cube, which was a bit of a highlight for us. Yeah. I don't think many people on the Cube from Equinix. So, that was really cool to see. Um. Well, it was a blast, man. And, and funny aside, so Dustin, one of the people that was interviewing us, I know Dustin from Austin. And so, prior, like a couple days before, I saw him walking around, and I was like, dude, what the hell are you doing here? Like, what's going on? Because when I was hanging out with him, uh, he had a startup in Austin, and we were subleasing space. And I know he had moved on to Goldman Sachs. And I was like, dude, Goldman's here? This is rad. He's like, oh no, I'm doing this interview. And I was like, yeah, you're interviewing me. It all came together. It's a small world. There's like 12 of us in this industry. But it was a great conversation. Um, you know, it gave us an opportunity at LF to talk about Equinix's generosity, all the great stuff that Equinix has allowed Linux Foundation to do. Uh, you know, aside of, you know, all the wonderful support for CNCF projects, the thing that really jumps out at me that I shared on the interview was that Equinix drives git.kernel.org, archive.kernel.org, mirrors.kernel.org. And, uh, it was just really insightful to hear from that, the Linux kernel team on how they use Equinix and why. And the, the line that they use, which, which I loved was, we know how the sausage is made. We're not using a public cloud where we need bare metal. No, I wrote that software. I'm not going to use that. Yeah, exactly. They're like, yeah, we understand the noisy neighbor problem. Uh, and that was really cool. And just the scale of it, uh, is wonderful. I don't think many people realize the importance of just archive.kernel.org alone, that if you are compiling a kernel module into a Docker container, you're reaching out for those header files that are stored there. And if they're not there, you're not compiling your stuff. It's you're, you're going to have a long day. Um, and, but the fact that nobody complains about it, I don't see any complaints. Oh man, archive is slow. Like, no, no, it just, it's like dial tone and it's so great, but we talked about that and it was wonderful. Thanks for having me on that. I had a blast. Yeah, I was a little bit upset because apparently I was supposed to, uh, be the number two option on there, but Josh has a little bit more media training than I do. So he got, he instead got the, uh, got the tap on the shoulder to do it. Well, wait a minute. I, could I have put my thumb on the scale and gotten you? I mean, nothing against Josh, but maybe for Paris. There you go. Let's do it, man. Bonjour. Can't wait. Speaking of Paris, um, do you have any, like the inside scoop or anything? I can't believe when we come back from the new year, it's going to be like two months away. Yeah. It's too close. It's very, that's, that's too close. Well, you know, can we get an extra month between December and January? Yeah, sure. Yes. Perfect. Thanks. You got it. Show up to Paris in April. It'll be fine. I could take a month off just, uh, inside scoop. Um, uh, not a one. I will say this the second we get more information, y'all get it. Uh, that's just how CNCF and LF works. Right. Transparency. Um, but I will say this. I am beyond excited about this event because Amsterdam, which 12 and a half thousand. It's it was an enormous, so many people. Yeah. It was huge. And this one's going to be even bigger. Wow. And it's like all the big cloud providers, they have their thing and it's in one place. And that's great. And I love how we've got KubeCon just all around the world. So I did, you know, last year or this year, so Amsterdam, Chicago, and then Shanghai, I was there for that. That was amazing. And I like how CNCF is going to them. We're, we're, we're, we're getting close to where, um, our contributors and our end users are. And that's, that's really important because that's what we're about. We're about community. We're about accessibility. We're about making sure that everybody's got a seat at the table and continuing to expand that table. But personally, I'm excited because I am trying to put together, find an excuse for a reception at Harry's bar in Paris. Now, I don't know if you're familiar with, okay. But Harry's bar, this is where Gertrude Stein F Scott Fitzgerald Hemingway hung out at that lost generation. And, and, and what, you know, aren't we in, in cloud native, aren't we the, uh, you know, uh, uh, somewhat, uh, I, I think we can make an argument that we're carrying on that legacy of just saying, you know what, we're going to go do our own thing. We think this is better here. Check it out. Um, I like that. I, I like the symbolism of it, but I'm really excited. I just, the idea of being in a place that Gertrude Stein hung out and yelled at Hemingway is just, I can't, can't imagine a better place, but no inside skips. I got nothing for you. I'm so sorry. Something tells me you might've done like an English degree or something. Oh, no, I was Econ. Uh, but, uh, you know, we, it was, you know, the follow-up to that is let's all go get drunk in a bar and write novels instead of participating in, uh, I don't know if we're quite in the right, the same category, but something like that. I love all that stuff. It's writing. Oh, it's, it's just, um, you know, you're just communicating and, and, and really that's what we're doing with code, uh, communicating ideas, um, and, and doing it in a way that more and more people can participate. Um, and, and frankly have an impact. Uh, it's, it's not enough for us at LF and CNCF to just say, you get to come to the party. We want people to be the party. We want them to participate and do cool stuff. Um, you know, I, did y'all see GFE's game show? No. GFE had a game show. Uh, I think it was one of the big party nights on the expo floor. Uh, can somebody do a Google search and see what it was, but it was like iron chef, but for Kubernetes. Oh, I heard about it, but I didn't. And so he, and he had like little aprons and, and the, the chef hat, the totally brewing up solutions for, for stuff to in, in Kubernetes. Right. Was that the, yeah, well, it was like, here's a thing, go do this and make it blah, blah, blah. Um, and I didn't have a chance to see it. I was wondering, you know, what your take was, but it's that kind of stuff. You know, that's exactly what, you know, you never see that at other conferences where community just says, Hey, we're going to do something fun. Uh, and we're just going to roll with it, uh, and see what happens. If people like it, we do more of it. If they don't, well, we stop. Um, I did like the, um, uh, Casey S and a Casey and a Casey Kubernetes contributor summit, North America. But it was just so rad seeing all those folks, uh, getting together, solving problems. Like all of these different SIGs had sprints that day, and then they went out and had a big party. And that was so cool to see. Uh, it was just like, that's, that's what we should do in, in the rest of technology, right? That's kind of the way you do it. Let's get together work. And then as a team, we're going to get together, break bread and have a beverage of our choice. It's rad. No, I think it's super important for work that happens generally remotely. And like CNCF work is, is tied enough to what we do for, for work and everything else. Like there is space to allow for this travel and get together and see each other in person and both do work in person in an environment that we never get to do. And then like, go get to be humans around each other. Yes. As opposed to signing off and disappearing like we do every other time. Right. And so, oh yeah, I think there's a tremendous value for that, for any team of people. I remember, um, back in the OpenStack days, we used to have the summits every six months. Um, and those are mostly kind of like KubeCon right now, but then when in the middle of each summit, again, every six months we would have contributor meetups, uh, where just the maintainers kind of get together and usually some, some vendors like sponsoring it and it's much more low key and you just get, get to hang out with the people that you work with remotely and chat with on Slack, you know, um, all, all day long. And, uh, it was really great to just be able to do things in like a sprint there and all the states get together. And yeah, it was really cool. Well, it's, it's really intentional hangout. This is, I don't, you know, I, I have a bit of a challenge of understanding, uh, corporations that say, no, you need to be in the office. You need to be there. It's important. Um, and, and they always talk about creativity and ideas and those sorts of things. And it's like cosmic background microwave radiation. It just happens. It just so happens. Whereas I see what happens at CNCF and especially with the contributor summit, it's intentional. Uh, Kismet it is, we are going to get together and something actionable is going to come out of this. And I'd like that. I don't like the let's, you know, magically hope it happens. No, no. Let's set up things and force it to happen, which I don't know. I think it's a lot more predictable and also less hassles with commutes. Yeah. And what's great is that you're taking people who primarily know themselves through like virtual means and you bring them all together, you know, to just kind of be in the same presence of each other. So there's that like natural, just like hugs and handshakes make the difference. So that's a pretty important thing too. Well, it, it helps when things, you know, are worded oddly on, you know, chat or email, like the hell did they mean by that? And it's like, no, I have a personal relationship with this person. We've grabbed a beer. Hey, can you help me understand this? You know, it's a lot better than getting wrapped around the axle. And, and I think that's the importance of it. Just getting together on regular intervals. And, and I'm just really proud that CNCF is expanding this. You know, they, they showed up in force with KCD in India, KCD in Singapore this month. There, there is no place that we won't set up a party because there is no place on this planet that there's not open source contributions. Yeah. I'm actually advocating for us going to the KCD in Columbia this, in 2024. Que bueno! Sorry, it's the only second, my only second language. When we get billbound Spain, I got all excited and it was great. But yeah, Columbia, absolutely. I know firsthand the amount of open source usage and contributions that are coming from there. That is just a hot little bright spot in South America. And it's important for us, not just LF and CNCF, but it's important for us, the greater open source communities, especially folks in North America, that we need to reach out and bring our friends in that might not have the resources that we do and help them get started because there's a lot of work to do. And, you know, we need a lot of hands here, a lot of, a lot of hands with buckets and axes to carry water and chop wood. I love that award. It also doesn't hurt that Equinix has a data center in Columbia, so. You only got them everywhere. Where don't you have them? Antarctica? You got one in Antarctica? I actually don't think so, but that is a short list. No, it's all continents, but Antarctica is the official answer there. Just rack a server there just for fun, just to say, just to say. Which government organization do we have to talk to about managing their server infrastructure? I just hit up NOAA. They're easy, right? Just for the sake of it, I'll go out once. I'll go out once to handle some logistics out in Antarctica. Oh yeah, absolutely. You need to help enable those users. Yes, for sure. I'm going to need probably a stipend for winter gear, but we'll get there. You're from Maine. It's close enough to the temperature. Yeah, I know. The difference between like minus 10 and minus like 70 is, you know, I'm used to, I can go outside and not immediately get frostbite, but. Yeah, those bean boots aren't going to work there. You need to step up. Yeah, L.L. Bean is great. I'm not sure they're going to handle the Antarctic cold. Yeah, that's good, you know, eating a lobster. But at least it's a dry cold. Yeah, very dry. It is a dry cold. You know, you live in a cold weather place when you're like, it's a dry cold. Oh yeah. I can be in Colorado and no problem, fleece on the mountain. It's great. It dips to the sixties in New England and it is brutal for me. It's that just that wet, high humidity, low temp. It is soul crushing. The wind is what'll sneak up on you. You're like, oh, it's like 50 degrees. I can get away with just some sweater or something. And then the wind blows and you're like, oh no. I'm telling you, go to Antarctica, just one server game, just to say you got all continents. That's all you need. One, two, you know, you got them in peril, a backup. CNC, what do you call it? KubeCon Antarctica is really the one that's gonna. I'm booking my ticket for that. Yeah. I mean, because, because The least environmentally friendly conference we could manage. Yeah. Well, yeah, that's a good point. You know, once you get to like negative 10, then what's an extra 60 degrees below? It's several fewer minutes of exposure to the air before you get frostbite is what it is. I do love when the weather does that though. And they stop being like, here's the temperature. They're like, here is how long you can be exposed to the air before you will get frostbite. The temperature stops mattering. So just as we like wrap this up, are there any, you know, things that maybe you like walked away from any, you know, big like announcements or like events that you kind of felt to yourself, like, oh, like that was like really, really, really cool. I mean, I was just going to comment on how I love seeing these, as we were just talking about the community days popping up. And the fact that this conference is happening in more locations, because that was what I really liked. It's part of the thing I really like about the DevOps days model of conferences, for instance, right. That they're super community focused. And that was the thing that they care about primarily. And it offers that level of experimentation when you're having like a few smaller events versus the big blowouts all the time is, let's try this and see if it works. Let's try this and see if it works. Let's try this and see if it works. And like, if it doesn't, we'll just do something different. And yeah, it's good to see that community. I really appreciate that about all of these. I like that other events have sprung up around it, like the cloud native rejects that happened before the events that are not CNCF events, but like it is community built and driven around this thing. And it's created for me anyway, like kind of a pre-conference lull where you get in a little bit early, you see the folks that are contributors and have talks at things and like, you can kind of talk to each other before you're all in the big venue and doing the thing. And, you know, now we're working at CNCF, right? Like, so we get that moment of time and yeah, I just, I love seeing that progress and continue. Yeah, I think for me, the key take was that I had once that, you know, everyone had something to talk about with regards to AI and everyone's kind of baking it into their product now. Whether the IBM folks were there with their Wasson X shirts or even Rancher. When I was talking to Rob Searchia there, Rancher had some AI stuff baked into it. And when I was talking to Nigel from Intuit, again, even Argo CDs got some like AI stuff baked into it now. Like it's going in everything now. The second one I was going to say more around the locations of it. I think the next one's happening in Utah and North America, which I'm kind of excited about. Never been to Utah. Yeah, pray for early snow. That would be so rad. Or no snow. I was going to say no snow, but. I'm just excited to mix soda flavors together at those drive-thru soda places. That's what I'm excited about. And yeah, the third one, I would say just, yeah, just excited that I get to be, you know, at KubeCon again, at big open source conferences again with Equinix. And just, you know, I couldn't walk 20 feet without bumping into someone that I knew. And it's so great to see those long-lasting relationships. You know, it's just, they mean a lot to me. So I'm really happy to see that. Well, that's why we do it. My big takeaway is that Italian beef sandwiches lives up to the hype. It is legit. I had one every day while I was there. And I just don't see anything that they have in Salt Lake City really comparing. I mean, what's the big thing in Utah? I have no idea. Caffeine-free Coke. I don't know. What's the Salt Lake? I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, I guess, you know, it's going to be great. Great sunsets. Okay. Sure. All right. That's it. Perfect. Beautiful. But man, seriously, I was like, look, this sandwich can't be that big. Is it worth, you know, worthy of the hype? Yeah, gang. Yeah. Yeah. Even a bad one at O'Hare while you're waiting on the layover is still really good. So get it, gang. So my thanks to everyone who did this roundtable. Thanks to Robert, to Steve, and to Fen. And I'll put show links in the description below where you can find out all the things that we talked about and about the CNCF and the Linux Foundation. I never got to do this before. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So, you know, don't forget to subscribe and to find out more about the Cloud Native Computing Foundation and the Linux Foundation below. And thanks to you three for joining us today. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks for setting up. Great. All right. Thanks.
